# Plantfeeder1000
The program is a prototype garden simulation game with a GUI, where users maintain and monitor ten virtual plants. It graphically displays  moisture levels and updates every second, alerts users when plants need watering, and provides controls to water individual plants as required. Users need to make sure the water moisture level stays in an acceptable range and be careful to make sure plants don't reach a water moisture level of 0. Alerts are sent out to the user when the plant reaches the water level, this has a red alert indicator, and the user will be informed to water the plant, if the user overwaters the plant they will alerted and told to "Stop Watering plant". I created this program for a school project and used c# to develop the program. I used Waterfall software methodology to develop projects due to time constraints and the nature of the coursework, which meant other software methodologies such as Agile or Scrums could not be used. The project is zipped and has the name "Zipped School Project". Once unzipped you find the file of the program called "Plantfeeder100", which is the name of the program, Design Documentation which consists of: Project Milestones, project lifecycle, Requirements specification of the project, Language choice for the project, Three GUI designs for the Project, Peer review of GUI designs, Client review of GUI designs, Final choice for GUI designs and Test plan for the program. Implementation Documentation which consists of: Flowcharts for the program, Pseudocode of the program, Assets Table of the program and Testing for the program. Evaluation of the project which consists of: Client review of the code, Optimisation Log, Original Requirements vs. Finished product, Review of Project Milestones, Client Comments vs Finished Product, Constraints of the programming language, Quality of the software solution, Ease of use of a program, Other constraints of the project and Scrums.
